I saw that there's something coming, and it's revolving around the three I-Atlas.
It's connected. Whatever this is is connected. And the Lord said we're about to see something that's going to freak people out.
I saw the fire. I saw what he said was a shaking; it's going to be a call to wake up everybody.
And what we're about to see in the heavens is a shaking in the heavens.
He said it's going to be like blood; it's about fire and it's so loud.
This is a major event that's about to take place. Something is coming, soon it's coming, and this is not an alien. There's no such thing as aliens; it's demonic spirits.
But what you're about to see is what Oral Roberts saw in 2004, called the 'Wake-up Call.'It will be a wake-up to the church, a wake-up to the world, a sign of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time for preachers to preach fire back in the pulpits, to preach repentance back in the pulpits.
For there will be a sign in the heavens. There will be a sign throughout the earth. Remember this word. Timing was not right.
You know, whenever you're seeing over in the spirit, it looks like it's right in front of your face, but there's something coming.
And most of them know that it's coming—government—and it's not conspiracy.
No, it's not conspiracy. That's what the Spirit of the Lord just said.
He said this is not conspiracy; it's a sign of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's awakening up the world.
Then I saw with my eyes something I'd never seen: suddenly in the clouds, in the skies above New York City and the east part of the United States, which hung there for quite some time and then spread out across America without touching the ground.
Then God diffused it away from America and sent it out to the nations of the earth.
And I saw and I heard. I saw something coming down from above: smoke and vapor and blood.
Or it looked like that to my spiritual eyes. There it was hanging so huge until it almost blotted out the sky.
Instantly I thought about 9/11 when the terrorists attacked the Twin Towers.
First, I saw this thing hovering and great changes coming in it to where I couldn't miss it.
And then I heard something come into my ears, and it reminded me of what a friend of mine had said when the first space capsule was released into the sky.
They told me that they made all of them—he was a newsman in New York City—be maybe half a mile or more away from the capsule.
And he said when that thing lifted off the earth, there was a sound, and the sound itself moved the weeds and the growth.
And he said, 'It penetrated my body.'He said as I talked to others, they felt the same thing.
He said the sound was so enormous that nothing had ever happened like it in the history of the world.
Instantly, I thought of that because the sound that was coming into my ears was penetrating my whole being. And then I heard God's voice.
He said, 'I'm making a sign.'This is a sign according to the second chapter of Acts where the Apostle Peter, upon the giving of the Holy Spirit, the baptism of the Holy Spirit, said there'll be signs in the skies.
He said, 'This is one of the signs of the end time because the world is not ready for the second coming of my Son.'They are coming to church on Sunday morning mostly for themselves.
And the preachers, for the most part, are not really concerned about the nations of the earth; they're concerned about the little group that is there. They sing their songs and they get up and preach.
When 9/11 struck, there was a fear that came into their hearts—even of my people of the church and of people outside the church—and millions the following Sunday rushed to go to church. That's right.
But the preachers were not prepared, and most of them didn't even preach on it and didn't even talk about it being the sign of something that's coming hundreds of thousands of times bigger.
He said when those planes of the terrorists struck the Twin Towers in New York City and they gradually came tumbling down, it was something bigger than people had ever seen.
But it's nothing in comparison to what's going to happen in the second coming of my Son.
And so he said, 'My church was not prepared to deal with that.'And people came to church and then nothing much happened, and they dropped back and many of them went back to their beds.
There's a sign coming, a sign for the unbeliever. A sign for the unbeliever is coming. A sign. It's time to get on the boat.
I've warned and warned and warned that within a 24-hour period, everything would change.
Everything is going to change within a 24-hour period. The way you live life, everything is going to change.
Where there'll be signs in the heavens, there'll be signs in the earth.
There'll be signs in your politics, there'll be signs in your finances, and there'll be signs in your church.
Sorrows. This is the beginning of sorrows—the labor pains upon a woman.
So will it be. He's doing it out of mercy. He will do this out of love, and the church bells will ring.
You'll see people—remember 9/11, how they all ran to church?
It was the way, when Charlie Kirk died, they ran to church. But when you see these signs, they will run.
But what will they get? When these signs come, you must stay filled.
You must stay filled for they're coming in hot. You must stay filled, my harvesters.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. For you must stay filled for they're coming.
Coming within a day from shore to shore. They're coming in. Even the scoffers. I see Hollywood. I see deep blue states. I see the scoffers.
Even in the red states, you'll see scoffers and mockers: 'Where is the coming of the Lord?'But this is his mercy and his grace.
One last push, one last call. It's going to shake the world. He's going to make a sign.
It's so loud in me. I hear it so loud. There's a major event about to take place.
Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knee.
It's going to be a sign that the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
The devils in hell know it. This is the theme tonight. You need to understand what the Lord is trying to tell you.
Revelation 12... read it one more time, love. Revelation 12:12.
Satan knows. He knows. 'Therefore, rejoice ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabitors of the earth and of the sea!
For the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.'It's coming to that time.
I know he's talking about tribulation. But he knows when we're getting close.
He knows we have but a short time. Yes, he's coming in wrath, and this is tribulation that we're talking about.
Well, 'Brandon, you're quoting tribulation.'I know. But he knows when we're getting—there's something different.
Something's changing. And they know the pressure. That's why I'm telling you, you're going to start to see things you never thought you would see.
The birthing and labor pains, they're increasing. And the Lord Jesus Christ is coming.
And we're going to have a major harvest of souls. The glorious church without spot or wrinkle is rising up.
But it's going to be a shaking to awaken. I know people are talking about 2026, 2027, 2028.
I've seen into it. 2029, 30, 31, all this time. I just know that we're not done with 2025 yet.
We've got this little window of two months. There's still more to happen.
How do we close out this year? What is the flash? What are these things I'm seeing? Acceleration of war.
We're praying into it with Venezuela, and they say the drug cartels, the politics, and things are going on.
We've got people hiding in bunkers. What is happening? Why? What's going on?
We must open our eyes and be more vigilant about what's happening and be watchmen and watchwomen looking at our horizon.
There's much more there. We must pray for our president's protection. We must pray and intercede for his life.
He must live long and finish strong and finish what God has called him to do.
There's no one that's able to harm him with any kind of plan, plot, or pursuit, his health, all of it.
With his kids, we must live long and finish strong. We're wrapping this thing up.
The Lord said, "I'm giving you a three and a half year window. What will you do?"Now it's three years and two months.
"What will you do with this time frame?"He said, "Will you go back into sleep?"Oh, church, what will you do?
I've given you this time. And I said, "Most people look at the midterms as just a year away."Well, it's a year away tomorrow.
Midterms. Now, what the Lord showed me was a stalemate government.
I saw the losing of the Senate and keeping of the House, and the Lord said, "You're going to lose governors. You're going to lose if you don't pray now.
If you don't start interceding now, you'll lose the midterms."You cannot wait until this time next year and say, "Well, we better pray."I saw Oklahoma even being divided.
I saw Texas with borders all around them, not wanting to secede from the United States, wanting to have their own country like we're not going to go this way. Secede.
I saw people very upset with Gavin, and I saw a red wave trying to come over California with people upset, saying, "Listen, we're taking back our state."So, we must pray ahead of time.
I know we have a year and we'll pray into it a lot over the next year, but I have such an urgency to tell you we must keep even more of a majority in the Senate and in the House to pass forth legislation to get the job done that needs to be done so that we have all the things that we need."